we're burnin up this summer is on fire
and we have so much to talk about hey
what's up you guys it's carissa so
unless you're in Australia it is
summertime and there's been a lot of new
sizzling up our season so here are five
things that are heating up this summer
five sauce is pretty hot dough these
guys are on our countdown and heating up
the summer because they're not afraid to
bring the punk rock back and they're
doing it perfectly with this song
this lyric video is already super cool I
mean I'm about to go get my own summer
tattoo yeah she's gonna ha whoa and
bonus if they decide to release the
official music video this summer spice
of my life Demi brings cool to this
summer this record is the ultimate
anthem to the perfect summer pool party
the song has a perfect combination of
that chill vibe and then not drop just
um mix you want a party
Oh
this song you know it just makes me
makes want to do this my friend grabbed
a floaty be by the pool and party this
summer we're partying like it's 1989
we've heard nothing but amazing things
about Taylor's tour so far she's brought
out a slew of awesome guests including
Lord ed sheeran Jonas Cara Delevingne
mushka hargitay Gigi Hadid basically her
entire bad blood crew and then later
this summer she has five five shows in
LA I can't even begin to imagine which
celebrities are gonna show up and even
join her on stage it's gonna be way go
you don't want to miss these shows the
new beach boys are in town motorcycles
leather jackets swimming trunks and
surfboards what's not to like about the
boys of teen beach to rock'n'roll so
you miss me down with you and Simone
these guys aren't only easy on the eyes
they're over easy on the eye you know
like an egg I know it's a reach but you
know what I need these dudes are just so
darn good-looking even Garrett clean
when he's trying to be a goof looks
absolutely handsome I showed you in
Ibiza yeah like I'm just like so hot
outside i have to rip my clothes off
whoo can I get eliminated whoo do you
feel that do you feel the heat well it's
only getting hotter because we're at
number one these two are quite possibly
this summer's hottest couple we're so
obsessed with this couple and it looks
like that they're obsessed with each
other to check out their instagrams see
so cute and what's better than working
with the one you love traveling with the
one you love and just being surrounded
by people you love with the one you love
there's no doubt that ride ellington is
heating up our summer well I'm on fire
so I'm gonna skedaddle but what's
heating up your summer let us know in
the comments below and don't forget to
subscribe
this would be so awesome to sing with
them in concert